Added docs contents for caver-js v1.9.0 (#456)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/dapp/sdk/caver-js/README.md

## Caution when Sending a Transaction to Klaytn <a id="caution-when-sending-a-transaction-to-klaytn"></a>

> Klaytn has a new gas price policy since the Magma hard fork which enabled the [KIP-71](https://kips.klaytn.foundation/KIPs/kip-71) feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Klaytn has a new gas price policy since the Magma hard fork which enabled the [KIP-71](https://kips.klaytn.foundation/KIPs/kip-71).
```

> Therefore, when sending a transaction, you need to set the gasPrice logic differently depending on whether it is a hard fork or not.
> 
> Before Magma hard fork, Klaytn uses a "fixed gas price". A transaction with a different price submitted to the Klaytn network will be rejected.
> If `gasPrice` is not defined when you sign or submit a transaction, caver-js uses the [caver.rpc.klay.getGasPrice] RPC call to set the gas price of the transaction.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, you need to set the `gasPrice` logic differently when sending a transaction, depending on whether the hard fork is applicable or not.

Until the Magma hard fork, transactions on Klaytn have been subject to a "fixed gas price". Therefore, transactions with any other price submitted to the network are rejected.
If `gasPrice` is not defined when you sign or submit a transaction, caver-js uses [caver.rpc.klay.getGasPrice] RPC call to set the gas price of the transaction.

```

After Magma hard fork, Klaytn uses a "dynamic gas fee pricing mechanism". A gas price of the transaction should be bigger than base fee of the Klaytn network. 
If `gasPrice` is not defined when you sign or submit a transaction, caver-js sets the `gasPrice` field as `latestBlockHeader.baseFeePerGas * 2`.

### How to set gasPrice field

> caver-js provides various ways to set the `gasPrice`. The recommended ways to set the `gasPrice` field when using caver-js are explained, and the methods described here can be used regardless of hard fork.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
caver-js provides various ways to set the `gasPrice`. Ways to set the `gasPrice` field when using caver-js are suggested below. The methods described here can be used regardless of the hard fork.
```

#### Do not define `gasPrice` field

If you create an instance without defining the `gasPrice` field, the `gasPrice` field is automatically set when you call `tx.sign` or `tx.signAsFeePayer` to sign a transaction.

```
const tx = caver.transaction.valueTransfer.create({ from, to, value, gas })
await tx.sign(from, tx) // Before signing, gasPrice is set inside `tx.sign`.
```

#### Use `tx.fillTransaction` method

You can use `tx.fillTransaction`, a function that fills the optional fields of a transaction with appropriate values when they are omitted.

```
const tx = caver.transaction.valueTransfer.create({ from, to, value, gas })
await tx.fillTransaction() // Fill the optional tx fields. 
```

#### Use `tx.suggestGasPrice` method

> You can set the `gasPrice` with result of `tx.suggestGasPrice` which returns the recommended gas price.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the `gasPrice` with the result of `tx.suggestGasPrice` which returns the recommended gas price.
```

## Caution when Sending a Transaction to Klaytn <a id="caution-when-sending-a-transaction-to-klaytn"></a>

Klaytn has a new gas price policy since the Magma hard fork which enabled the [KIP-71](https://kips.klaytn.foundation/KIPs/kip-71).

Therefore, you need to set the `gasPrice` logic differently when sending a transaction, depending on whether the hard fork is applicable or not.

Until the Magma hard fork, transactions on Klaytn have been subject to a "fixed gas price". Therefore, transactions with any other price submitted to the network are rejected.
If `gasPrice` is not defined when you sign or submit a transaction, caver-js uses [caver.rpc.klay.getGasPrice] RPC call to set the gas price.

After the Magma hard fork, Klaytn uses a "dynamic gas fee pricing mechanism". The gas price of the transaction should be higher than the base fee of the Klaytn network. 

> If `gasPrice` is not defined when you sign or submit a transaction, caver-js sets the `gasPrice` field as `latestBlockHeader.baseFeePerGas * 2`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `gasPrice` is not defined when you sign or submit a transaction, caver-js sets the `gasPrice` field of the transaction using `caver.rpc.klay.getGasPrice`.
```
